## Abstract

This repo contains a project about classifying names, given a text of names from an upstream system we build a classifier to correctly classify content of names. 
The analysis and model building of this problem give us good results for provided dataset. I anticipate that with big data, the model will begin to learn some noise. It will be interesting to deploy restricted Boltzmann machine in production. 
I have followed the MLOps practice from loading the data to deploying the model with docker containers.



## Melio Data Scientist Technical Interview

# Problem Background
* You received a dataset from your client containing a list of names and their potential classifications.
* The classifications are generated by an upstream system, but it is not always correct.
* Your task is to correctly classify the names and critically evaluate your solution.

# Task 1: Correctly classify the names
* Determine whether the name belongs to a Person, Company, or University:
* You can use any library you want.
* You can use a rule-based classification, a pre-built model/embedding, build a model yourself or a hybrid.
* You can keep everything in the Jupyter Notebook, write everything in a python script, or a combination of the above.

# Task 2: Crtically evaluate your solution
* Write a summary on the following:
* Your exploratory data analysis.
* What is the potential issue with your system, and how would you resolve it?
* How would you deploy this solution in real life (you can assume anything you want to simplify the analysis, but state these assumptions).

# Run the project
## Script
* python Chuene_Mosomane_script.py

## Flask App
* python app.py

## Docker image
* docker build .
